# ISAT-492-Capstone-Group-Project
The Community Tool Box (CTB) is an online knowledge brokering platform that serves to aid in community health. This is achieved by creating networks between users through the use and exchange of resources and information. The CTB is the world’s largest resource on community health and systems change and continues to grow. With over one thousand pages of text data, it may have become challenging for users to navigate through the database to find the information they seek. This project aimed to transform the CTB by using natural language processing, data science, & data analysis to learn more about the questions that users have with the CTB and provide insights and future directions that will help improve the user experience and information discovery on the CTB platform. Using the Ask an Advisor dataset, an LDA topic model was created that broke down the data into 5 distinct topics: Referring users back to resources in the CTB, Health Resources & Needs Assessment, Community Coalition Formation, Management, & Discovery, Referring users to external resources, and Citing the CTB’s academic resources. It was found that ~40% of questions asked pertained to the first topic, which depicts that there is a gap between user awareness & information discovery in the CTB. Our recommended actions to help resolve this issue would be to enhance user education on the existing resources found in CTB and evaluate the presentation, layout, and content of the toolkits to ensure the information presented is user-friendly and easy to navigate.
